Hello RW Community,

I have been quietly working on a generic CSV import tool which )hopefully) requires no programming knowledge for the user.

There are several steps to using the tool:

0. Download the installer from https://1drv.ms/u/s!Aoxo2LAeaH9jxxICRTfzACvX06fL

1. Prepare data from RealmWorks

1.1 Within RealmWorks, make a copy of each "predefined" category into which you want to import your CSV data. If you have your own categories already defined, then you don't need to do this step.
(Go to the "Manage" tab, select "Categories", choose the topic/article category which you want to use, select the tool icon and select "Create duplicate of category".)

1.2 Create a structure only export of the realm.
(Go to the "Share" tab, select "Manage Exports"; in the new window select the "Export Realm Structure Only" tab, type something into the "Name" box, prese the "Save Changes" button, then press the "Full Export" button to generate the RWstructure file.)

2. Use the tool

2.1 Start up the CSV Import tool.

2.2 Press the "Load CSV" button and choose the file containing your CSV data.

2.3 Press the "Load Structure" button and choose the file containing the RealmWorks structure-only export file.

2.4 Select the required category type in the drop down menu below the "Load Structure" button to choose the category that you want your CSV data to be imported into. (This should be the "copy" that you made of the predefined category/article structure.)

2.5 Drag each of the CSV column names from the left panel to the corresponding place in the category in the right panel.

2.5.1 If the snippet should be revealed, then select the first radio box on the line (the circle). If the snippet should be marked as GM-only, then select the second radio box on the line.

2.6 When you have all the fields defined, press the "GENERATE" button at the bottom-right of the window to generate the export file.

3 Import into RealmWorks

3.1 Import the generated file into your realm.
(Go to the "Share" tab, select "Import", click on the box next to "File to Import" and select the rwexport file generated by the CSV tool. Then press the "Import" button.)

3.1 If desired, you can then convert all the "copied" categories to the corresponding predefined category.
(Go to the "Manage" tab, find the category you copied, select "Move All Articles to Category" or "Move All Topics to Category" and select the predefined category.

---

NOTES

The reason that you have to create your own copy of a predefined category is because some data is missing in the structure-only export file for predefined categories/articles.

The first line of the CSV file is assumed to have the field names in it.

The bottom panel of the window shows the contents of the CSV file, so you can double-check that you are choosing the correct field.

For the domain selection parts of a topic, you can drag the CSV field name directly onto the drop-down marker in the right panel; or if you want the plain text then you can drop it into the "annotation" part of the window.

Note that if the value does not exist in the tags available from RealmWorks, then no value will be put into the RWexport file.
